OSDOCS-16939: DITA abstracts — OLM understanding topics (#115281)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-catalogsource.adoc

[id="olm-catalogsource_{context}"]
= Catalog source

[role="_abstract"]

> A catalog source is a metadata store, typically an index image in a container registry, that Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) queries to discover Operators in {product-title}. The web console OperatorHub also displays Operators from enabled catalog sources on the cluster.

Reviewer: Use the original paragraph and add the abstract role.

```suggestion
A _catalog source_ represents a store of metadata, typically by referencing an _index image_ stored in a container registry. Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) queries catalog sources to discover and install Operators and their dependencies. The software catalog in the {product-title} web console also displays the Operators provided by catalog sources.
```
